Seether cut wood or go get a job
make money and buy oil
I'd much rather go to cut wood
yeah that's true the leaner and
definitely the wrong way but at
least I don't have to worry
about dropping it on the dogs
that kind of stuck in trees are
leaning they can only go one
direction so you're at the mercy
of the lien of the tree
yeah
you just don't want to come down
trees hang up
sometimes multiple times and it
makes for a lot more work
everything everywhere I dropped
I think for trees just to try
and get it to where I could cut
it up for firewood
I'll get back in there and
stumble around and try and get
the rest of the wood another day
hundred fifty hundred pounds
hundred fifty pounds
it's not too bad it has to be
enough wood for probably five
days
ok